Why can't l seem to beat lust?
    - wrong standards of holiness
    - wrong source of power to change
    - wrong motive for fighting sin

Is the problem our sexuality
    - when God created everything he said it was very good,
    i.e that includes our sexuality, sex drives...

You can't save yourself 
    - where can l find the power to change

Battle plan 
    - where am l weakest ( killing and correcting mistakes to avoid repeating them )
        time of the day, tempting locations, television, newspapers & magazines, music,
        books, internet, mailbox, public

Guys and girls, how are we different and how 
can we help each other?
    - establishing meaningful relationships
    - encouraging godly women
    - praise modesty esp in dressing
    - pray for our sisters (
        pray that they may have their satisfaction in God
        pray that they love holiness
        pray that they they may have godly vision of feminism as opossed to the worldly
        pray that they may be virtuous and not seductive
    )
    brotherly kindness - ( 
        friendliness
        generosity 
        considerate
        ..encouraging, praising modest dressing, praying 
    )
    helpful, gentleness, concern, understanding,
    patience, tolerance, mercifulness, 
    lenience, care

Is masturbation a sin?
    - sex cannot be seperated from marriage
    - masturbation is a self centered view of sex i.e it's solely about you and your pleasure
    Hebrews 13:4
    To honour something means to hold it in high esteem, to cherish it And to 
    understand it's value, thus handling it with fear and trembling lest 
    is should be dishonoured
    - 2 Peter 2:19, Romans 6:13, 1 Thessalonians 4:3-6

Strength
    Hebrews 4:15
    2 Corinthians 5:21

Lie: Half a poison won't kill you
- seeking how much you can handle as opossed to how much you can avoid is like a man taking some little dosage
    poison assuming it won't take it's toll on him, 
- More than disapproval
    "If you don't enjoy a calorie, it won't make you fat"
    reason: it doesn't matter if dislike that certain type of calorie,
    it's going into you body and it will surely have it's effect
    - similary we tend to practise our discernment in that way 
    when we watch some hollywood movies we know might contain inappropriate stuff
    we tend to whine about some ungodliness of some scenes and sometimes we fast forward them.
    We call this "discernment", however it's like say "If you don't enjoy a calorie, it won't make you fat".
    - True discernment is very different:
        1 Thessalonians 5:21–22
        “Test everything. Hold on to the good. Avoid every kind of evil.”

Role of media  
    media is seeking to define reality in our lives
    seeks to change why we are living 
    seeks to entangled you to live a certain way
    seeks to endose you in wanting to attain hapiness through something
    seeks to lower God's standard and exalt man's ways
    * entertainment comes straight into our hearts 

* Media is after your heart; it's not trying to reason with you - it seeks 
to disguise it's message so that you'll welcome it and let 
yout guard down

- We can't expose the the darkness of the world if we are lost in it 
- we can't rescue others from cultures we allowed to shape our thinking and values
Ephesians 5:11
No matter how people speak well of something, no
matter how true the moral story is, is something 
promotes an evil message let it be discarded and 
exposed, let it be shouted upon the house tops

Psalm 101:2–4
I will be careful to lead a blameless life—
    when will you come to me?
I will walk in my house with blameless heart.
    I will set before my eyes no vile thing.
The deeds of faithless men I hate;
    they will not cling to me.
Men of perverse heart shall be far from me;
    I will have nothing to do with evil.

WE NEED EACH other (refer to trina)
Ecclesiastes 4:9–10, 12
Ephesians 4:29
Ephesians 5:19
Hebrews 10:24-25
We need other Christians to speak, sing, and sometimes shout the truths of God’s Word to us. 
We need others to pray for us when we’re in the midst of temptation. 
We need friends who will hold on to us when we’re ready to give up. 
We need friends who will challenge and even rebuke us when we’re indulging in sin.

Are you connected to others in a local church? Many people today —especially young 
adults—have lost their vision for the church. I used to be one of these people. 
I thought of church as merely a building or a place to go for social interaction. 
I always went to church, but my lifestyle revealed what a low priority it was for me. 
The church was something on the outskirts of my life. Ephesians 1:23
page 118-119

Romans 12:1 :
urging in God's mercy by challenging people to be holy

----Hebrews 10:24–25

Pick up your sword
Battle temptation when it has it's grip on you
Ephesians 6:17
Your Bible is no lifeless book. 
It has power. When you read it, speak it, and memorize it, the Holy Spirit 
uses it against sin like an offensive weapon. 
Hebrews 4:12
2 Timothy 3:16–17

Hand-to-hand combat with lust doesn’t work—I need the sword of the Spirit
I can’t reason with lust or argue against it with my own opinions