For me the process of overhauling my entertainment habits was sweet yet agonizing. 
I could see that God Himself was working in my life. He was pruning dead branches 
from me and helping me learn to better honor and obey Him. But it wasn’t easy. 
To be honest, I liked a lot of those old branches. My thoughts easily reverted 
to wanting to figure out how much poison I could get away with ingesting. 
More than a few times I’d have thoughts like, 
Oh no! Does this mean I won’t be able to see the sequel to my favorite movie?
But as I humbled myself and kept digging in to God’s Word, I knew that changing 
my media diet was essential. I’d gotten into habits of renting movies so often 
that I was often bending my own standards because I “needed” to find something to watch. 
So I’ve started to wait until there’s a film worth viewing—something for which I can 
thank God—before I go to the movies or rent something. The result is that I’m watching 
a lot fewer movies. Now when I do, it’s more of a treat and I’ve found I’m more discerning
about what I view. I’ve also found that lust has far less strength.
I’ve also cut out most television. My wife and I had gotten into the habit of watching
a weekly show that often featured the main female character in immodest outfits and 
ungodly situations. It was having a deadening effect on my soul. It was also drawing
us into other shows that were advertised and creating an appetite for more. 
We cut back all our little routine and put the TV in the basement. 
Now we read a book together or visit friends. Life’s been so much better.
I’ve seriously cut back on all of my media intake. And you know what? I’ve been okay. 
Sometimes we treat entertainment as if it’s some kind of right, something essential to our existence. 
But it isn’t. There is no such thing as “must-see TV.” And if we’re the only people in the 
world who don’t see the latest summer blockbuster movie, we’ll be all right. The only thing 
that’s essential is walking with God and pleasing Him. And if that sometimes requires cutting 
back on what we watch, it’s no real sacrifice.