I’m the last person you’d expect to fall into sexual impurity,” 
twenty-three-year-old Trina says. Back home she was always the strong one. 
She led a Bible study for women in her church and was respected for the 
stand she took on purity. 
Her own life was living proof that purity was possible.

But then the job opportunity in Seattle came. It was too good to pass up.
At least that’s what Trina thought at the time. She loved her church and hated
the thought of leaving the close relationships and the solid teaching she enjoyed there. 
But she was sure it wouldn’t be too hard to find a replacement in Seattle. She was wrong.

She visited a dozen churches, but none had the kind of biblical teaching she had grown up with. 
A year later she was attending a large Bible study for singles on Tuesdays and alternating 
between two congregations on Sundays—and sometimes she slept in and didn’t bother going at all.

It just wasn’t the same. She felt disconnected and lonely. At home she had enjoyed close 
relationships with three older women who knew her inside and out. They could tell when she was 
struggling just by looking in her eyes. Now they were fifteen hundred miles away.

Unlike many of her friends, Trina wasn’t seduced by lust through a relationship, 
but through what started as a seemingly godly desire for marriage. 
“As I thought more and more about marriage,” she said, “I began thinking of the 
wedding night, and because I was alone, that course of thought just continued 
to draw me in more and more. Instead of realizing that I was making marriage 
and sex a false god in my life, I gave myself up to lust.”
For Trina, the wake-up call came when she sought out pornographic websites on the Internet. 
“No one who knows me would ever believe I would do that,” she says. 
“I can’t believe the mess I got myself into.”

Alone, isolated, and without accountability, Trina was the perfect target for temptation. 
Our enemy goes after people who have isolated themselves from other Christians. 
Stragglers make easy victims. Without other people to encourage them, 
watch out for them, and confront small compromise in their lives, 
they often end up drifting into serious sin.

Trina never realized how much of her spiritual strength was a direct result of the support 
and care she received from her local church. 
She took the weekly teaching, the relationships, and the accountability for granted.

What will it take for you to achieve lasting success in battling lust? 
There’s nothing more important than being connected and accountable in a local church. 
If you want to experience long-term victory over lust, you must lock arms with other believers.
No matter how strong you might feel right now or how much victory over lust you’re presently 
experiencing, you won’t make it very long on your own. In the battle against lust, lone rangers 
wind up dead rangers. They might look impressive riding off into the sunset by themselves, 
but when an ambush comes they’re without help (see Ecclesiastes 4:9–10, 12).